docs(github templates): Update PR template wording for A380 (#8538)
flybywiresim/aircraft: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- DO NOT DELETE THIS -->
## How to download the PR for QA

> Every new commit to this PR will cause a new A32NX & A380X artifact to be created, built, and uploaded.

Reviewer: Every new commit to this PR will cause new A32NX and A380X artifacts to be created, built, and uploaded.

> Every new commit to this PR will cause a new A32NX & A380X artifact to be created, built, and uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every new commit to this PR will cause new A32NX and A380X artifacts to be created, built, and uploaded.
```
